Refresh: add K3S walkthrough to Edge tutorial (#50)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/edge.rst

A simple way to bootstrap the K3S setup is with `k3sup`_. However, this
tutorial assumes you will use K3S native, which offers more granularity. Also,
this setup is suitable for a multi-node cluster.

First you have to set up the master node:

.. code-block:: console

    export INSTALL_K3S_VERSION="v1.19.10+k3s1"
    curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | sh -s - --disable=traefik

    mkdir ~/.kube
    cp /etc/rancher/k3s/k3s.yaml ~/.kube/config
    export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/config
    kubectl config set-context default
    kubectl get node -o wide

Next, get the token:

.. code-block:: console

    cat /var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/node-token

Note that the master node will operate both as a master and as a worker.

Join nodes to cluster
'''''''''''''''''''''

Next, you set up other worker nodes (as many as applicable to your use case):

.. code-block:: console

    export token=<token>
    export INSTALL_K3S_VERSION="v1.19.10+k3s1"
    curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | K3S_URL="https://ub1:6443" K3S_TOKEN=$token sh -

Uninstall
'''''''''

If you need to uninstall, run:

.. code-block:: console

    /usr/local/bin/k3s-agent-uninstall.sh

Use a storage solution
''''''''''''''''''''''

> The Microk8s setup will require a storage solution. In this case, the tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our CrateDB Edge setup will require a storage solution. In this case, the tutorial
```

Author: That's what I get for lazy copy-pasting, well caught
